add IntelliJ developer setup HowTo (#1127)
openhab/openhab-docs: developers/ide/intellij.md

# IntelliJ IDE

> ### Prerequisities

Reviewer: Please use correct headings hierarchy.

```suggestion
## Prerequisities
```

  - git, Maven, IntelliJ and Java 8 are installed

> ### Install OpenHAB distribution

Reviewer: Please use correct headings hierarchy.

1. Install the official [openHAB distribution](https://www.openhab.org/download/)
1. Start the distribution **in debug mode** (use `./start_debug.sh` instead of `./start.sh` in step 4)

> I will refer to the directory where you installed the distribution as <DISTRO_DIR>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article refers to the directory where you installed the distribution as `<DISTRO_DIR>`.
```

> ### Build the addons repostory

Reviewer: Please use correct headings hierarchy.

> 1. fork and clone the [openhab addons repository](http://www.github.com/openhab/openhab2-addons) into a new directory (I'll refer to by <ADDON_DIR> from now on)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. fork and clone the [openhab addons repository](http://www.github.com/openhab/openhab-addons) into a new directory (Reference `<ADDON_DIR>` from now on for this arcticle)
```

>     - `git clone https://github.com/<yourgitusername>/openhab2-addons`  (replace git user name accordingly)

Reviewer: Repository name changed.

```suggestion
    - `git clone https://github.com/<yourgitusername>/openhab-addons`  (replace git user name accordingly)
```

> 1. open IntelliJ and create a new Project from existing sources (File | New | Project from existing sources) and pick <ADDON_DIR>/pom.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. open IntelliJ and create a new Project from existing sources (File | New | Project from existing sources) and pick `<ADDON_DIR>`/pom.xml
```

    - IntelliJ will start importing, indexing and building, it will take while, wait until finished (see status bar)
1. Use Maven to clean & install the addons project

>     - mvn clean install in the root of <ADDON_DIR> using commandline Maven (or IntelliJ Maven view)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - mvn clean install in the root of `<ADDON_DIR>` using commandline Maven (or IntelliJ Maven view)
```

    - some of the addons might fail to build - if it's not the one, you're interested in that should not bother you
    - when the Maven project finished, you should find the freshly built addon JAR in the target directory

> ### Debug your addon

Reviewer: Please use correct headings hierarchy.

1. copy the addon JAR to Openhab distribution created before
    - `cp target/<ADDON_NAME>.jar <DISTRO_DIR>/addons`
1. The running instance of the openhab distribution should pick up your new addon & start it
    - you can type `log:tail` in the openhab console to stream the openhab logs
1. create a Remote Debug runtime configuration in IntelliJ:
    - Open menu Run | Edit configurations
    - click the + sign to add a "Remote" configuration
    - adapt the module setting to the root (org.openhab.addons.reactor)
    - click OK
    - start the debug configuration
    - the IntelliJ console should log: `Connected to the target VM, address: 'localhost:5005', transport: 'socket'`
![Remote Debug Run Configuration](images/ide_setup_intellij_debug_configuration.png)

> You can now add breakpoints to your project now and your test distro should stop there...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now add breakpoints to your project now and your test distro should stop there.

```
